Why hasn't this Master Qin come yet?
Won't blow me up
Impossible to sign
It's not that Xiao's generation won't do this kind of thing
Brother Fei, it's useless for us to be blind
Can't do business?
Why don't you call and ask first?
Black brother
The trees over there in Qingyan don't have this kind of thing at all
What? We got bombed?
Who the hell is a liar?
You've been fooling around for so long
Didn't you find someone missing? Who?
Chen Ajun
I'll have someone pick it up right away
Ding Muzhe
Post the photo of Chen Ajun
Notify all officials
No one is to let him out without my permission
Go out and find Chen Ajun
One person is enough
He is probably an undercover agent who came to pick up the child
Humph
Dad, I'm hungry!
Dad, I'm so tired, baby, keep at it
Let's go
Dad, I'm scared.
Don't be afraid child
Dad is here
Ah Jun